README.md, before:

# E-Portfolio

#### Technical Skills: Java, C, C#, Python, Elixir, Assembly, Unity Engine, Git

## Education
### KTH Royal Institute of Technology,  Sweden — Bachelor in Information and Communication Technology (AUGUST 2022 - PRESENT)

- Notable Courses:
  - Algorithms and Data Structures
  - Computer Hardware Engineering
  - Embedded Electronics
  - Network and Communication
  - Programming I & II

- Member of the ITK Club

### International English Gymnasium Södermalm,  Sweden — International Baccalaureate High School Programme (AUGUST 2019 - JUNE 2022)

- Higher level in  Mathematics:  Analysis and Approaches, Physics, Philosophy
- President of Model United Nations Club
- Member of the house leadership team

## Projects
### GhostLeaks

[Project Website](https://saitejaschintapall.wixsite.com/ghostleaks)

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/SaiTejasC/GhostLeaks)

I am currently working in a team using Scrum to design a mobile VR horror game in Unity. This project involves creating models in Unity, using the C# programming language, and using Git for version control. In the game, you are a streamer going into an abandoned mental asylum aiming to gain likes by streaming monsters and escaping with your life. You can build the game onto your phone using the Unity game engine for both Android and IOS, or you can scan the QR code on the website to get the download link for Android.

### Socket Programming

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/SaiTejasC/Socket-Programming)

As a part of the IK1203 Network and Communication course at KTH, I was tasked with creating a concurrent server that could handle multiple HTTP requests. The project involved 4 tasks, each building on the previous ones. Task 1 was to create and implement a simple TCP client. Task 2 was extending the TCP client to handle multiple types of servers. Task 3 was implementing a local web server that can make HTTP requests. Task 4 was to implement the concurrent server, so multiple HTTP requests can be handled.

### ChipKit Project

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/gwendolym/is1200-mini-project-78)

I worked with a partner to program a game into a PIC32 ChipKit using C programming language and MIPS-Assembly. The game was presented at an exhibition along with other ChipKit projects. In this game, you are aiming to collect points by collecting the fruit on the screen while you are chased by multiple growing snakes.

Commit message:

Updated with Exchange studies and Internship information.

README.md, after:

# E-Portfolio

#### Technical Skills: Java, C, C#, Python, Elixir, Assembly, Unity Engine, Git

## Education
### KTH Royal Institute of Technology,  Sweden — Bachelor in Information and Communication Technology
#### (AUGUST 2022 - MAY 2025)

- Notable Courses:
  - Algorithms and Data Structures
  - Computer Hardware Engineering
  - Embedded Electronics
  - Network and Communication
  - Programming I & II

- Member of the ITK Club

### EPFL Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne,  Switzerland — Bachelor Degree Exchange Studies
#### (AUGUST 2024 - FEBRUARY 2025)

- Registered in the Computer Science section

- Notable Courses:
  - Software construction
  - Computer Architecture
  - Responsible Software
  - Probability and Statistics

### International English Gymnasium Södermalm,  Sweden — International Baccalaureate High School Programme
#### (AUGUST 2019 - JUNE 2022)

- Higher level in  Mathematics:  Analysis and Approaches, Physics, Philosophy
- President of Model United Nations Club
- Member of the house leadership team

## Work Experience
### Vattenfall
#### (JULY 2024 - AUGUST 2024)
I interned as a part of the Asset Analytics - Distribution team. Key tasks I handled included transferring historical data, combining Git repositories and creating dataframes used for analysis. During this experience, I developed my skills in using Azure datbricks, PowerBI, PySpark, Git, and Agile collaboration frameworks.

## Projects
### GhostLeaks

[Project Website](https://saitejaschintapall.wixsite.com/ghostleaks)

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/SaiTejasC/GhostLeaks)

I worked in a team using Scrum to design a mobile VR horror game in Unity. This project involves creating models in Unity, using the C# programming language, and using Git for version control. In the game, you are a streamer going into an abandoned mental asylum aiming to gain likes by streaming monsters and escaping with your life. You can build the game onto your phone using the Unity game engine for both Android and IOS, or you can scan the QR code on the website to get the download link for Android.

### Socket Programming

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/SaiTejasC/Socket-Programming)

As a part of the IK1203 Network and Communication course at KTH, I was tasked with creating a concurrent server that could handle multiple HTTP requests. The project involved 4 tasks, each building on the previous ones. Task 1 was to create and implement a simple TCP client. Task 2 was extending the TCP client to handle multiple types of servers. Task 3 was implementing a local web server that can make HTTP requests. Task 4 was to implement the concurrent server, so multiple HTTP requests can be handled.

### ChipKit Project

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/gwendolym/is1200-mini-project-78)

I worked with a partner to program a game into a PIC32 ChipKit using C programming language and MIPS-Assembly. The game was presented at an exhibition along with other ChipKit projects. In this game, you are aiming to collect points by collecting the fruit on the screen while you are chased by multiple growing snakes. 

### Robot Sumo Tournament

the II1306 Introduction to IT course at KTH involved working in group in order to model and program a robot to participate in a sumo tournament with students from several programmes. The project involved collaborating and agreeing on a design, submitting a proposal for the design, implementing the design, and finally competing in the tournament.
